#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.7
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via mkdocstrings-crystal
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via mkdocs
colorama==0.4.6
    # via mkdocs-material
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   click
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
markdown==3.3.7
    # via
    #   markdown-callouts
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-callouts==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-section-index
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==0.4.1
    # via
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
mkdocs-gen-files==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material==9.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.1.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-section-index==0.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocstrings==0.19.1
    # via mkdocstrings-crystal
mkdocstrings-crystal==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==22.0
    # via mkdocs
pygments==2.14.0
    # via mkdocs-material
pymdown-extensions==9.9
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via ghp-import
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
regex==2022.10.31
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.28.1
    # via mkdocs-material
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   mkdocs
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via requests
watchdog==2.2.1
    # via mkdocs
zipp==3.11.0
    # via importlib-metadata
